It started ten years ago.
You are the light in my dark night
But I never dared to approach you
Because gradually it is no longer a simple emotion
But now you're forcing me to be yours
You can cry now.
But from now on I don't like to face a woman who cries
So should I play a woman who loves to fight?
Am I crazy?
To force a woman
Frustration
If you don't want to
You can get off now.
Exactly.
I have a crush on him.
Secretly in love for 10 years
But it's still here.
Even if you can't get married
It's not a loss to love boldly
Go to Baikadao
Yes!
Has anyone touched you?
If you dislike it
Just let me go
I have never had any contact with other women
So I feel like asking you this question
Not too much
You say you
I would never lie.
Xu Shiyang
In this matter
I don't really have much experience
I turned out to be his first woman
Me neither.